= webmethadone

Provides a command line interface for Software AG's webMethods Integration Server (http://www.softwareag.com/Corporate/products/wm/default.asp) allowing you to synchronously start/stop/restart the server, and install/reload/enable/disable/delete packages, making scripting of maintenance tasks against Integration Server a possibility.

Doing these tasks synchronously is the key for scripting, so that you can ensure Integration Server is started before installing a fix and then restarting it post-fix.  Checking that the state of the Windows service is RUNNING is no indicator that Integration Server has finished starting up and is now ready to process work.

  Usage: webmethadone [options] [package]
          --start                      Starts webMethods Integration Server, or does nothing if its already started.
          --stop                       Stops webMethods Integration Server, or does nothing if its already stopped.
          --restart                    Restarts webMethods Integration Server.
          --install                    Installs the given package.
          --delete                     Deletes the given package.
          --disable                    Disables the given package.
          --enable                     Enables the given package.
          --reload                     Reloads the given package.
      -l, --url URL                    URL for connecting to a webMethods Integration Server. Default is 'http://localhost:5555'.
      -u, --user USER                  USER to connect to the server with. Default is 'Administrator'.
      -p, --password PASSWORD          PASSWORD to connect to the server with. Default is 'manage'.
      -s, --service SERVICE            Integration Server windows SERVICE name, required when stopping, starting or restarting. Default is 'webMethodsIntegrationServer_7.1'.
      -t, --timeout TIMEOUT            How long to wait for an HTTP response from the server in seconds.  Default is 600 seconds (10 minutes).
      -h, --help                       Show this help
      
Example: ensure IS is started, install TNS_7.1.2_Fix4 packages, then restart

  webmethadone --url http://localhost:5555 --user Administrator --password manage --service webMethodsIntegrationServer_7.1 --start
  webmethadone --url http://localhost:5555 --user Administrator --password manage --install WmTN_7.1.2_Fix4.zip
  webmethadone --url http://localhost:5555 --user Administrator --password manage --install WmTNWeb7.1.2_Fix4.zip
  webmethadone --url http://localhost:5555 --user Administrator --password manage --service webMethodsIntegrationServer_7.1 --restart

Caveats:
* assumes a Windows platform
* assumes Integration Server is installed as a Windows Service
* when installing a package its zip archive should already be in ./replication/inbound

== Contributing to webmethadone
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Lachlan Dowding. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

